Fix rabbitmq role (#1886)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/SECURITY.md

## How to use TLS/SSL certificate with RabbitMQ

> To configure RabbitMQ SSL/TLS support in Epiphany you need to set `custom_configurations` in Epiphany configuration file and you need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure RabbitMQ TLS support in Epiphany you need to set `custom_configurations` in the configuration file and
```

manually create certificate with common CA according to documentation on your RabbitMQ machines:

https://www.rabbitmq.com/ssl.html#manual-certificate-generation

or:

https://www.rabbitmq.com/ssl.html#automated-certificate-generation

If `stop_service` parameter in `configuration/rabbitmq` is set to `true`,
then RabbitMQ will be installed and stopped to allow manual actions
that are required to copy or generate TLS certificates.

---
**NOTE**

To complete installation it's required to execute `epicli apply` the second time
with `stop_service` set to `false`

---

> There are `custom_configurations` settings part in Epiphany, that extends RabbitMQ configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is `custom_configurations` setting in Epiphany that extends RabbitMQ configuration
```

> with the custom one. Also it can be used to perform TLS configuration of RabbitMQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the custom one. Also, it can be used to perform TLS configuration of RabbitMQ.
```

> To customize RabbitMQ configuration you need to pass list of attributes in format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize RabbitMQ configuration you need to pass a list of parameters in format:
```

```

Right now RabbitMQ configuration is available only for standalone machines. Please be
careful about boolean values as they need to be double quoted and written in lowercase form.

> Otherwise it will fail RabbitMQ startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise RabbitMQ startup will fail.
```
